#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-utils
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-utils
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   jupyter-utils
arrow==1.3.0
    # via
    #   isoduration
    #   jupyter-utils
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   jupyterlab
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   referencing
babel==2.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   nbconvert
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   jupyter-utils
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   requests
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-utils
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-utils
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-utils
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   nbconvert
executing==2.0.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   nbformat
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-utils
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   jupyter-utils
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-utils
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   jupyterlab
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   requests
ipykernel==6.29.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==8.24.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-utils
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-utils
jedi==0.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-utils
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
json5==0.9.25
    # via
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-utils
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.22.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-utils
jupyter-client==8.6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-utils
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-utils
jupyter-utils @ git+ssh://git@github.com/mahdilamb/jupyter-utils@v0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab==4.1.8
    # via
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-utils
mistune==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   nbconvert
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-utils
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-utils
notebook==7.1.3
    # via jupyter-utils
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
overrides==7.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-utils
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
pandas==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via
    #   jedi
    #   jupyter-utils
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-utils
platformdirs==4.2.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-utils
polars==0.20.24
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-utils
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-utils
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-utils
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   stack-data
pyarrow==16.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   cffi
    #   jupyter-utils
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   nbconvert
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-utils
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-utils
pyzmq==26.0.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-utils
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-utils
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   jupyterlab-server
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-utils
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-utils
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   referencing
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-utils
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-utils
soupsieve==2.5
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   jupyter-utils
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-utils
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   jupyter-utils
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   nbconvert
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-utils
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-utils
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-utils
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-utils
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   jupyter-utils
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-utils
